+++
title = "Mac OS X Client （3.2.1系） がサポートするコマンドラインの引数は？"
date = "2010-12-02"
tags = ["技術ノート"]
categories = ["tech"]
banner = "img/technote.jpg"
+++

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*技術ノート

2010/12/02*


[番号]
技術ノート KGTN 2010120201

[現象]
Mac OS X Client （3.2.1系） がサポートするコマンドラインの引数は？

[説明]
以下の引数のみをサポートします．これ以外の引数を指定した場合は，その動作については保証されません．

Argument Description -h The IP address of the GO-Global Server. -u The
client's network user name. -p The client?s network password. Please
note that if you specify a password on the command-line, the password
may be visible to other users running process reporting tools such as
ps. To protect the user?s password, use -p - to request the password at
startup. -a The display name of the application. The application?s
display name must be identical to the application name registered with
the Cluster Manager. -c or -nc -c enables compression. -nc disables
compression. (Compression is enabled by default.) -f The Mac OS X Client
runs in a loose windows mode by default. To enable the restricted frame
option, i.e., to have all of the session's windows embedded within a
frame on the client computer, append -f to the command line. -r Passes
on startup parameters for the application being launched. -ac Determines
how printers are initialized at startup. When ?ac is followed by all,
all client printers are automatically configured.?When ?ac is followed
by none,?client printers are not automatically configured. When ?ac is
followed by default, only the default printer is configured
automatically. This is the default setting. -hp Modifies the host port
setting for the Application Publishing Service.


### ファイル

 
 


[KGTN2010120201.pdf](http://techreport.kitasp.net/attachments/download/410/KGTN2010120201.pdf)
 [(55.6 KB)] [kitasp 技術センター, 2010/12/02
09:46]


 


 

